listen you know it's bad when the studio
has no early screening barely any
Thursday showing since they want to
delay the bad reviews from the press but
since Fantasy Island in real that wasn't
happening
that said I do have to put a disclaimer
here even though I hate doing so but
every time we cover a plum house film
they manually claim our video sometimes
they even block it from mere seconds of
footage that we legally show since the
studio themselves posted up for review
purposes but I guess to them review
purposes means positive only since
conveniently those are the reviews they
don't touch I know the blue Mouse budget
is a subway coupon and a pack of gum but
listen here Jason I ain't get either so
chill part of making a plum house movies
they have a very limited budget we made
this movie for 7.2 million dollars Wow
not a lot of money you know there are no
trailers for the cast no I have no crane
one day on this movie I mean I had a
techno crane on my first movie which is
a million dollar movie didn't have any
sophisticated filmmaking equipment we
basically had the gear that we barged
over from news from New Zealand if
anything broke it was broken that said
let me explain now blum house as a
company is notorious for its budgets but
you know they have created a lot of
iconic horror films just to run them
into the ground but then they've also
produced a bunch of Oscar winners so
having followed their motto and a lot of
the behind the scenes for their films I
do have some positive things to say
about their model but that ain't this
video
[Music]
everyone knows nostalgia is one hell of
a drug and studios are addicted to
adapting old properties in order to
expand their streaming collections and I
don't know if it's a budget thing but
they also don't even remain them they
just pull that door number one and
recycle and somebody argue that it makes
sense since it's a reboot and it isn't
connected to the Britain I know I really
don't know why they do that to give you
a sense of how fast they cycle these the
idea for black Christmas was announced
June 20 19th they filmed for 27 days
released it in December and no joke was
added theaters and forgotten by
Christmas it was still so cheap and
tripled its budget so when Blum got hit
up about an idea involving an island
that fulfills your fantasies gone wrong
dude legit just asked Sony for the
rights to the show and got it now I'm
gonna bash the movie because I don't
like it but I'm not gonna lie that's
kind of badass what's not badass is
making a crappy movie though anything
and everything is possible no service
it's not everything as possible so the
original show aired in the 70s and I'll
give director Jeff Wadlow credit for the
way he pitches the original pitch so
Aaron Spelling legendary TV producer was
in the office of the president of ABC
networks at the time and TV TV movies
were big business back in the 70s he
pitched like 10 ideas president ABC
passed on all 10 Aaron Spelling gets
frustrated and says what's it gonna take
a movie bound Island we can go and do
whoever you want and the president baby
C said well that sounds interesting and
he went in hired Jean Levitt wrote
fantasy island and that's where the show
came from so for the reboot you know
they keep the same concept 5 people want
a contest that isn't really explained so
much but they come to this island to
have their craziest wishes fulfilled
there's no cell phone service none of
the staff takes tips or anything like
that but they all get greeted by Michael
Pena's mr. Roark now I really do like
Michael Pena like really really do like
Michael Pena and I didn't expect him to
top but he got him on that band's
performance from the original but I am
expect told me to play Andy Garcia light
either in the show his motives were a
mystery you didn't know if he had been
there for years or centuries was he was
he evil was he bad was he mixed it's
almost like they would eventually base
Richard from lost on him but Penge stake
has him almost being a prisoner to the
island because he has to live the
guessing had them take that spring water
that makes their fantasies come
and though he said they didn't in order
for the island to grant him the fantasy
to see his dead wife but obviously
there's a dark twist just like with
everybody else and she has to die after
every group finishes their fantasies and
that's not a bad idea and that's the
biggest problem I have with the movie
see the director had done never back
down which I really like and I don't
think the directors concepts for other
stuff are bad light for truth but Blum
Houses truth or dare it wasn't a bad
idea neither is this new one for Fantasy
Island it's just that the execution
isn't there so when it came to Fantasy
Island I don't know whether to blame the
low budget or officious because they
were all in vacation but it was in a
very remote part of Fiji and I said to
the line producer that we got a shoot
here and she was like well they don't
have the ability to support us there
there's no there's no there's no hotels
that the airplanes that can land they're
only like 15 Cedars we can't get the
equipment there in time and we can't do
it I mean the only way we could possibly
do it is if we bought out a cruise ship
so we bought out a cruise ship for the
first two weeks of photography we put
the cast the crew on it we lashed all
the gear the deck we have a kick-off
party on a Saturday night we all went to
bed in our cabins we sailed 17 hours so
the other side of Fiji we woke up we
searched now there's nothing wrong with
pulling a mash-up of different genres
for it to become four mini movies which
is what they do here with the different
you know parties that they have
different fantasies but if you barely
had the budget for one
yeah maybe shouldn't have extended it we
follow Lucy Hale as one of the first
ones who previously starred in bloom
houses truth or dare so she comes back
here as the innocent girl whose fantasy
is justice from all the bullies she had
growing up
and I bought it completely her segment
is definitely the song Omaha cuz you'll
see the colors just change like this is
all supposed to still be one movie but
the color like the color correction is
different for each one she somehow
beating this bein like figure that was
attacking her she's torturing her bully
until she doesn't want to they're in the
woods with the moonlight clearly behind
them yet they got the soap opera flood
lights flooding them from the front it
looks bad sometimes her character also
comes across Michael Rooker on fantasy
island who's playing Michael Rooker on
Fantasy Island and I think he handled
his dialogue the best considering he was
sent there to investigate the island but
then got duped into a fantasy of seeing
as that daughter
trapping him there that's that's all
good but even he's like went someone
sent for me considering that later on
they actually call for a ride yeah the
same like the island and lost the
islands clearly on the map tracks and JD
are the most annoying ones in this movie
there's Step Brothers whose fantasy is
to you know practically recreate the
hangover and like the hangover the
fantasy goes wrong and they get
kidnapped
they even at Jimmy signed an NDA since
his character was supposed to be a cameo
from the original series and you know
while I'm already in the spoiler section
III don't want mr. Bloem house to flag
my video so instead I'll just recommend
HBO's my dinner with Arif which has
Dinklage portraying the iconic actor who
played tattoo on Fantasy Island and I'm
really recommending it because it's
actually a really really crazy story on
his life and it's a much better movie
than this one after the brothers like I
know Jimmy is funny because I've seen
him in so many stuff so I can tell that
the punchlines that he was given just
weren't there but I'm at least glad he
was able to have fun where to pretend
like we like acting and like partying
and you know pretend like we like the
models and stuff and like we like to
hang on Fiji it was tough a lot of
mental preparation went into you know
just being in Fiji for two months but I
think at the end of the day all the hard
work you put in shows up on the screen
Patrick is a cop whose fantasy is to
join the military so they're you know
throw the Private Ryan bleach bypass
filter on a segment and I haven't in
play call of duty but I'll be honest I
actually I actually like this one
there's an element to the island where
just because you asked for a scenario
it's still going to actually read your
deepest desires because it's
supernatural and give you what you
actually want and again I think that's a
really cool idea and it works in the
segment but as you'll see in a little
bit they just ignore that rule for the
others but in the case of Patrick where
his military fantasy was really to see
his father who he lost as a kid one last
time before that fatal mission when he
passed but I thought it showed real
potential and had a leeway of combining
all the stories together and it almost
had it if it wasn't for the dumbest
final twist so Maggie q was practically
in a Lifetime movie her fantasy was to
relive a date from years ago and
actually say yes to the proposal that
she was given which would then result in
like a 50 first dates scenario where
even though she's
the island for two days I'm the first
day she said yes the next day she sees
the five year old she would have had
with that guy and all the memories come
swooping in but that's kind of weird
maybe if the movie wasn't marketed as a
straight-up horror and it wasn't jumping
around too much this could have worked
you know but then Maggie swaps her
fantasy even though the two rules on the
island the only two rules on the
syllabus are one you can't change your
fantasy and two once you choose it you
must see it through to the end and she
I'm not kiddin goes nah but the UM now
but the island got it wrong I wanted
another fantasy deep down in my heart
bad movie bad movie doesn't matter movie
is now down to its last pack of gum so
they decide to combine everything by
adding the dumbest last-minute subplot
it turns out that they had all cross
paths before any of them were on the
island because they were living in an
apartment building where Maggie
accidentally caused a fire and even
though only one dude died that dude was
supposed to go on a tinder date with
Lucy Hale and now she is the one whose
fantasy that we never saw was to
actually somehow even though she
wouldn't have known they were a part of
that accident even though there were
probably other people involved even
though how would she get him onto the
island even though she earlier let her
bully escape meaning she had completely
different motives she dies it's a dumb
twist that they have in the movie of her
being the bully like I said she was but
she dies because it turns out her bully
also gets to drink the water and then
and then a zombie zombie snatches Lucy
this was released in theatric sadly
sacrifices himself pulling a cap for the
crew again Patrick's the best one the
more annoying brother dies but rules
state that if Brax stays on the island
then JD can leave and not only is that
lame because I hated JD but it's also
dumb because the whole thing is forest
for you know the Cameo Jimmy signed on
to be but like when JD leaves I have to
die and seeing that his brother's gonna
leave that he just salutes him goodbye
Roark realizes his wife shouldn't keep
dying the living leaves to keep trying
and I had never been so happy for
credits that I was almost
that's why we go to horror movies and
ride rollercoasters right I feel
something
well I felt ripped off after this one
thank you guys for watching this movie
I'm Kirsten on your thoughts down below
in the comment section stay tuned for
the follow up there next one I believe
is on a magic 8-ball movie so shake it
mine right now
doesn't look like it's gonna be good but
I'm curious to know your thoughts on
this again not maliciously trying to
hate the movie but there's just some
stuff look if and this is and this is
the thing that I think a lot of upcoming
creation gave because they get a lot of
people now with social media directors
and a lot of people are online and
they'll try to give you crap now if
you're deciding to go the cheap route so
cheap that your movie can make back its
budget on a $5 Tuesday and you're going
more so for the monetary praise then
that's where you that's where you're
gonna get it from you're not gonna get
critical praise if that's what you're
going for don't feel bad bashing a movie
especially when you're paying the money
to go see it that's why I always go pay
the money goal bidding that press
screenings for this one but I always go
pay the money to go see these movies cuz
you're not gonna manipulate my opinion
truth or dare which got manually hit for
plagiarism or our older video just to
wrap that up there supposedly we had to
use the full reference master of the
movie even though we had it but we chose
to choose trailer footage it doesn't
make any sense
but to keep it even though you're
accusing up of plagiarism to keep the
video up I have my analytics so I can
see that you guys boosted the video
added your own ads like I'm not your PR
team I think that's the part that really
upsets me as well
and then to see like you're not even
putting effort into these movies and
it's that cheap I haven't made a why it
sucks video in such it like since the A
to Z show so look again if that's the
business model you're going for fine but
don't expect good reviews don't forget
to comment like and subscribe or Blum
House will claim you you know part of
making a blown house movies that you
have a very limited budget why don't we
buy out a cruise ship so we bought out a
cruise ship for the first two weeks of
photography